# Your team introduction 
 Each student should add a separate paragraph to introduce yourself. 

<b>Harunobu Ishii</b>: My name is Harunobu Ishii, enrolled in MS CS. I picked this Master course to switch my career path into the tech field, because, since childhood, I have always been fascinated with programming. After working for 10 years in the commodity trade and the shipping industries in Tokyo and Singapore, I finally decided to actually make it my profession. So, I am in the midst of a career change right now. With regards to my programming experience, though I have learned coding since childhood (on-and-off) and took a few online courses before BU and completed 4 courses at BU so far, I do not have any working experience with it. As a project, I created an analytical tool to visualize global COVID cases and vaccination progress, during the Spring Semester. During this summer, in ML class, I built a neural network model to detect a pothole on a road. Also, I worked on a logistics optimization system, in which you can optimize your logistics pieces such as cargoes, ships, and storages. Otherwise, I did a few small projects like web-scraping and NLP. Since my background has been BtoC businesses, my project ideas so far have tended to incline toward that. So I'd like to explore other kinds of projects like mobile apps and so on. I am a full-time student, I'd be available/flexible for all-day except class hours.

<h3>Hello, My name is Chongwei Liu</h3>


<b>Jenny Hopkins</b>: My name is Jenny Hopkins. I'm enrolled in the M.S. in Computer Science program.
I am currently an administrator at BU Wheelock while completing my CS Master's degree part-time. I come from a non-CS background. My Bachelor's degree was in Economics and Chinese from Wellesley College, and I also received a Master's degree in Higher Education from the University of Pennsylvania. My professional experience so far has been in K-12 education and higher education.
I started programming in Spring of 2020, and completed the MET Bachelor's certificate in Computer Science in Fall of 2020. I started the Master's program in Spring 2021. I have created a weather app using JavaScript, Fetch API, CSS, and HTML5. Other than that, I have done coursework related projects, and am eager to learn more. I would like to learn to build a multi-page responsive website or a simple app - not sure about the concept yet. I can meet with the group on Monday evening or on the weekends.

__Ana Malimpensa__ : My name is Ana Malimpensa. I am pursuing my Masters of Science in Computer Science at BU MET college. I was born and raised in Brazil where I earned my Bachelors' degree in social communication. I first started studying CS at BHCC and I earned my AS degree in computer science back in the fall of 2018. Fall 2019 I started my Masters at BU and I expect to graduate by fall 2022. Currently I work as an associate Software Engineer in Test for a tech company in the shipping industry (super cool!!!!) this is my very first job as a SE and I have been part of the company for about a year now, I started as an intern last year and I was hired as a full time in May. In terms of programming background I have been expose to different programming languages such as Python, Java, C++ and JavaScript, technologies such as docker and kubernetes and frameworks such as selenium and cucumber. I want to share that I am a great team player, reliable and compromised and I love to lead :)

<b>Liz Shestakova</b>: My name is Liz. I'm enrolled in the M.S. in Computer Science program, concentration Data Analytics.
This is my last year of the program. I work full time so I have been taking one class per semester, excited to finish the program next year. I work as a Research Analyst at Manulife. I did efficient frontier code for my job, that generates a chart that shows clients how to allocate their portfolio between different asssets. I used R but am also familiar with Python and Java. I am really looking forward to learn how to do a much bigger project, have always wanted to make a game or some kind of mobile app, something that I would want to use a lot. I am originally from Russia, came to the US when I was five years old. I love to play chess, ice skate in the winter, and read. 

<b>Yucheng Dai</b>: My name is Yucheng Dai. I am in MS CS, Security concentration as a full time student. I majored in Math. I have limited work experience in databases and data processing. I did not contact any about SE before, because I used to focus on the details of data or algorithms. Although I am unfamiliar with Java, I prefer to learn and use Java in this course, to improve my programming ability in Java. I registered for METCS 622 Advanced Programming Techniques which requests Java too this semester. I will try my best to be your teammate.

**Qingyun "Wynn" He:** Hi, my name is Wynn. I started in spring 2021, so this is my (technically?) first year in MET's CS MS program. I also got my Bachelor's degree in CS, but unfortunately I didn't have any significant projects worth mentioning. 

<b>Guanyi Wang</b>: My name is Guanyi Wang. Major in Computer Science. I graduated from University of Toronto for Psychology major. I found my passion towards Computer Science through book called"Thank you for being late". I applied a lot of university for master and wished to changed my major to computer science. Lucky Boston University MET offered me the change to take the major which I am really into. Hope I can graduate on time and eventually find a job related to this major. 
